---
title: '\[Archive Eng\]'
date: 2025-03-24
permalink: /posts/2025-03-24-1/
tags:
  - Archive
  - English Learning
---
Record keeping for English ability and accumulation.

# Ability

| Date     | Vocabulary | Reading            | Listening              | Speaking | Writing |
| -------- | ---------- | ------------------ | ---------------------- | -------- | ------- |
| 25-03-24 | 14737      | EF SET: 87/100[^1] | EF SET: 90/100[^1][^2] |          |         |
|          |            |                    |                        |          |         |
|          |            |                    |                        |          |         |
|          |            |                    |                        |          |         |
|          |            |                    |                        |          |         |

[^1]:
    EF SET score scale **71-100** is corresponding to **C2** of CEFR, according to EF.
    
    *Remark: English **tests**, how long we've been separated!*

[^2]: I was interrupted and failed to complete all questions.

# Aaccumulation
## 25-04-02 Extensive reading phase ends
+ 150 articles from newspaper and magazines, covering technology, international affairs, society, etc.
  + 100 of which are from *The Economist*. I really enjoy it, for its wide topics, nifty structure and humorous writing, like frequent puns.
  + It doesn't matter I probably won't use them in real life.
+ several series of scientific expository videos, dealing with Astronomy, Geology, US History and stuff.
+ 2 documentary series on humanities.
+ several classic TV series. Demanding for my listening, you know, if I want to make out every word.
  + *The Wire* is the hardest challenge... To many slangs...
Of course English versions will remain my first pick, I won't get off my main track towards Maths and Econ any more.

## Before 25-05-17 TOEFL preparation
+ No attention to Listening and Reading, easy peasy~
+ Regarding speaking and writing, time is pressuring for me...
  + It never occurred to me that I'd have to express opinions on 'daily activities'...
  + Watched a course on academic writing, which toppled my original view. But it may be too strict for such a limited time?
    
